---
title: "0.4.0"
draft: false
weight: 996
---

[Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes]: https://www.crunchydata.com/products/crunchy-postgresql-for-kubernetes
[`pgo` CLI documentation]: https://access.crunchydata.com/documentation/postgres-operator-client/latest

Crunchy Data announces the release of `pgo`, Postgres Operator Client from Crunchy Data 0.4.0.

Built as a `kubectl` plugin, the `pgo` CLI facilitates the creation and management of PostgreSQL clusters created using [Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes][].

For more information about using the CLI and the various commands available, please see the [`pgo` CLI documentation][].

Additionally, please see the [CPK documentation](https://access.crunchydata.com/documentation/postgres-operator/latest) for information about [getting started](https://access.crunchydata.com/documentation/postgres-operator/latest/quickstart/) with Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes.

## Features
- The new `start` and `stop` commands now allow the user to shutdown and restart a PostgresCluster.
- The new `show ha` subcommand gets information (e.g., replication lag and more) from the High Availability system about a PostgresCluster's members.
- The new `show user` subcommand gets information on users created through the PostgresCluster spec and can be used to get connection info.
- The `show` command now can be used to show the combined outputs of the `show backup` and `show ha` subcommands.
- The `create postgrescluster` command can now be used to create a PostgresCluster with any version of Postgres supported by Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes.

## Changes

- The Support Export command now stores logs in a single directory.
- The Support Export command now records kubectl plugins installed on the client workstation.
- The Support Export command now records the result of `pgbackrest info` to help debug issues related to backups.
- The Support Export command now records a list naming all reachable PostgresClusters and their namespaces.
- The Support Export command now records the system time reported from each labeled container as compared to the system time of the client workstation to debug time drift.
- The Backup and Restore commands now include a `--force-conflicts` flag, making it possible to overwrite backup and restore settings when there’s an ownership conflict.
